sometimes you'll be standing just living
your life and you'll get the feeling
that you're in the presence of a genius
the overwhelming feeling that maybe
somebody around you is full of ideas I
got this recently when I saw a kid put
his chicken McNuggets into his hamburger
at McDonalds I wanted to shake the man's
hand because that's genius
chicken and burger I'll take seven all
right so what are we doing today
see what I did there I pretended like I
didn't know what we were doing today to
make it seem like I had a lot of things
going on I got nothing
among the whisper and now I that's got
to be a band name except that's not a
band name I don't know what is among the
whisper on Twitter asked me to plan her
wedding well if that's what you wanna
whatever it's your funeral
I shouldn't spoil anything actually you
know I'm really happy you asked me
because I've never planned a wedding
before but you know what I've been
thinking about it since I was a little
boy all of the things that I would want
and all of the things that I think would
make it a special day so I'm gonna give
you my dream wedding so I don't know if
you want to have an indoor or outdoor
wedding but that's gonna affect the
amount of helicopters we're gonna need
so let's just say you're having an
indoor wedding that that's the zero
helicopter option it's a lot cheaper
it's good it's better for you I don't
know if you want to church maybe you'd
maybe you just want a gazebo let's just
let's just do a gazebo whatever so we
are we are outside no helicopters
because of the gazebo you'll find out
why so your guests will arrive at your
wedding and they'll be greeted by the
ushers who will be four guys who do
nothing but brag about Heather mmm a
trained but they've never even tried it
and they're gonna show all of your
guests to their assigned seats and also
what they think a headlock is and while
your body is waiting for the big show to
begin
they'll be entertained by the musical
stylings of a fourth grade recorder
quartet who only know crazy towns
butterfly come milady
come come my lady you're my butterfly
sugar baby you don't like that well the
only other thing they know is the first
half of the van Gogh bus is coming so
it's that or up up up up up up up up up
up up up up up up up up up up I keep
telling them guys it's up up up up up
Bob up is that to her
but they don't get it so the ceremony is
beginning here comes the groom and the
bride but guess what to get down the
aisle you have to go through the
gauntlet of adulthood which is kind of
like the set of a wipeout
but with vampire bats and there will not
be matrimony until there is blood once
everybody is down the island into the
gazebo I don't want to say safely
because you never know once they're into
the gazebo I rappel from the ceiling
like an 80s rock star with one wire
because guess what I'm ordained
I'm Minister I can do whatever I want
and I'm gonna marry the out of you
so I rappel from the ceiling
80s rock star one wire just Warner but I
do not touch the floor because guess
what the theme of this wedding
the floor is lava the whole while this
is happening people are stepping on like
books that they have to throw to to take
steps and and everybody's fighting for
every non floor surface because if if
you touch the floor you actually have to
dirty dance with the drunkest person of
the other person's family so it's so
once everybody exchanges their vows and
says I do in whatever we're gonna take a
page out of the Wiccan marriage book
where you are tied together until you
consummate the marriage it's like a trap
from the movie saw we're the only way
out is to hump and you know what I don't
want to put the pressure on but I do
encourage you to kind of get that out of
the way and get it done because who
wants to be tied to somebody for an
entire day it's an inconvenience and why
wouldn't you want to make this whole
thing even more awful for everyone
involved by humping just out of earshot
of your entire family while I conduct
them as a choir to saying eye of the
tiger you know for motivation and if
you're any longer than that we break
into sports chants let's go that's after
all that is done you're married you've
had an amazing marriage and I I made
that whole thing real good for you so
everybody can go to the party and the
banquet hall and hang out with whatever
they're doing and you know I always like
to give somebody a gift every time I
make a marriage happen I like to give a
gift your gift
Minges you give me the name of that one
person who you didn't want to invite but
you didn't want to be rude but you still
hate them
so you gave them a crappy seat at the
back you give me their name they
disappear they they go missing nobody
notices later a tray of roast beef shows
up don't eat that because it's your
friend and nobody's the wiser so I guess
I'm kind of done with this YouTube thing
since I'm a big-time hotshot wedding
planner now but I I've you know you
could come back every Tuesday and Friday
and see if I upload a video I might but
I might be too busy planning hotshot
weddings and I my name is Magnum make
videos every Tuesday and Friday right
here on youtube.com slash Matt you want
to for if you got a thing you want me to
help you with tweet it to me or post it
on my facebook to be links in the
description and I'll try my best because
that's really all I could do for you
other than that I'll see you guys later
I would just like to thank Grimm here
for making any weird background noises
you might have heard because apparently
whenever I'm trying to be quiet and film
that's kitten time right